AWS Lambda plugin version and config updates (#2013)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/index.md

      description: |
        The [`LogType`](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/API_Invoke.html#API_Invoke_RequestSyntax) to use when invoking the function. By default, `None` and `Tail` are supported.
    - name: timeout

>       required: true

Author: Reviewers: so the schema.lua file lists these (timeout and keep alive) as required = true, so I changed them. The description however says optional. So are these fields required or optional?

Author: My assessment is that the field is required but it is optional to explicitly state in your curl command.

[faq-authentication]: /about/faq/#how-can-i-add-an-authentication-layer-on-a-microservice/api?

---
### Step-By-Step Guide

#### Steps

> You must have access to the AWS Console as a user who is allowed to operate

Author: Done

with lambda functions, and create users and roles.

1. Create an Execution role in AWS.
2. Create a user that will invoke the function via Kong and test it.
3. Create a Service and Route in Kong, add the aws-lambda plugin linked to
our AWS function, and execute it.

#### Configure

> 1. First, let's create an execution role called `LambdaExecutor` for our

Author: Yes, my writing style is to never use "we" or "let's"

lambda function.

    In the IAM Console, create a new Role choosing the AWS Lambda service. There

>     will be no policies as our function in this example will simply execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    will be no policies as the function in this example will simply execute
```

Author: done with edits.

>     itself, giving us back a hardcoded JSON response without accessing other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    itself, returning a hardcoded JSON response without accessing other
```

Author: done

    AWS resources.

2. Now let's create a user named `KongInvoker`, used by our Kong API gateway
to invoke the function.

>     In the IAM Console, create a new user. Programmatic access must be provided to the user via Access and Secret keys. Then attach existing policies directly, particularly the predefined `AWSLambdaRole`. After the user creation is confirmed, store the Access Key and Secret Key in a safe place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the IAM Console, create a new user. Programmatic access must be provided to the user via Access and Secret keys. Then, attach existing policies directly, particularly the predefined `AWSLambdaRole`. After the user creation is confirmed, store the Access Key and Secret Key in a safe place.
```

Author: done

> 3. Now we need to create the lambda function itself; we will do so in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next, you need to create the lambda function itself; for this example, use the 
```

Author: Seems like too much punctuation that arrests the reader's eye. Rewrote to:

Next, create the lambda function itself in the N. Virginia Region
(code `us-east-1`).

N. Virginia Region (code `us-east-1`).

>     In Lambda Management, create a new function `Mylambda`. There will be no blueprint because we are going to paste the code below (which is an example code snippet). Let's choose an existing role for the execution role, specifically `LambdaExecutor` created previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In Lambda Management, create a new function `Mylambda`. There will be no blueprint because we are going to paste the code below (which is an example code snippet). For the execution role, choose the `LambdaExecutor` role created previously.
```

Author: Done with additional edits

>     **Note**: The following code snippet is only an example. The Kong AWS Lambda plugin supports all runtimes provided by AWS. See the list of runtimes in the **AWS Lambda** > **Functions** > **Create function** dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**Note**: The following code snippet is only an example. The Kong AWS Lambda plugin supports all runtimes provided by AWS. See the list of runtimes in the **AWS Lambda** > **Functions** > **Create function** dialog.
```

Author: I think the slanted text produced by > is more difficult to read.

1. First, let's create an execution role called `LambdaExecutor` for our lambda function.

    In IAM Console, create a new Role choosing the AWS Lambda service. There
    will be no policies as our function in this example will simply execute
    itself giving us back a hardcoded JSON as response without accessing other
    AWS resources.

2. Now let's create a user named `KongInvoker`, used by our Kong API gateway to invoke the function.

>     In IAM Console, create a new user, must be provided to it programmatic access via Access and Secret keys; then will attach existing policies directly particularly the AWSLambdaRole predefined. Once the user creation is confirmed, store the Access Key and Secret Key in a safe place.

Author: This section needs more rework; not comprehensible grammar.

    Test the lambda function from the AWS console and make sure the execution succeeds.

> 4. Finally, we set up a Service and Route in Kong and link it to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Finally, set up a Service and Route in Kong and link it to the
```

> `Mylambda` function we just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Mylambda` function you just created.
```

{% navtabs %}

> {% navtab With a database %}

Reviewer: Currently everything in these tabs appears outside of the steps - is this intended behaviour? I'd nest this in a step and then continue with "After everything is created, call the Service..." as the final step.

Author: I'm not sure what the original author's intent was. I was just getting the tabs to work. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3756245/82226464-23e2ee80-98ec-11ea-89cd-d51899b28684.png)
I'll try nesting in the step.

Author: @lena-larionova I attempted to indent and make a numbered step but was unsuccessful. 

It makes the tabs not work even though I tired carefully lining them up. Also it breaks the numbering sequence and restarts at 1.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3756245/82231995-9c00e280-98f3-11ea-985a-b915a0071ee0.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3756245/82232026-a58a4a80-98f3-11ea-9808-83e1f90512ec.png)

In the interest of time/workload, I'm going to leave this as is. Feel free to try your suggested restructure in this PR.

Reviewer: You're right - after testing it out, I don't think our current tabs implementation can be nested into steps. 

A potential solution would be to break this into its own section - currently, this is all under one "####Configure" heading, so maybe break it right before the tabs into "####Link to the Function", then finally "####Verify" (or something like that).

Author: Stet for now.

```bash
curl -i -X POST http://{kong_hostname}:8001/services \
--data 'name=lambda1' \
--data 'url=http://localhost:8000' \
```

> The Service doesn't really need a real `url` because we're not going to have an HTTP call to an Upstream but rather a response generated by our function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service doesn't really need a real `url` because this example won't have an HTTP call to an Upstream but rather a response generated by the lambda function.
```
